                A good game that has some issues. 
                I only played Nero/Dante cause I just wanted to play through the whole series first, so I might make some changes eventually when I play the other two campaigns. 
                So first Nero in general is just alright as a character. 
                Feels like a huge downgrade from Dante coming from DMC3. 
                Whenever Dante is in a cutscene, you know it’ll be a good time. 
                Otherwise the rest of the game has a similar tone to most DMC1 cutscenes where it's pretty serious. 
                Gameplay Nero is pretty fun with the new grapple and grab moves. 
                My only complaint is that Nero just has one weapon, which as someone who mostly uses Rebellion in DMC3 I’m fine with but going from like 6 weapons to only 1 for most of the game is so weird. 
                The game starts to show its flaws as Dante. 
                If you haven’t played DMC3 you are immediately thrown into the style system with enemies that are not lenient enough to practice with. 
                Overall though, you start to notice enemies are built for Nero’s buster. 
                A good example being the fish which I still don’t know how to fight those as Dante. 
                You also learn bosses are a cinch as Dante because of pandora and his styles, which hurts cause there is a boss rush at the end as Nero (the third time you fight these guys this playthrough) so you have to fight them the harder way. 
                It feels like the time you play as Dante is just a separate character campaign in the middle of Nero’s campaign, and if you take away Dante’s retread then there’s only like 13 missions in the game. 
                Other small notes. 
                Pandora is the only new weapon I like cause it's really cool and OP. 
                I don’t like how they give Dante a new style in his last mission where 1. 
                It is useless and 2. 
                There is no tutorial in game or the menus that tell you what you can do with it and 3. 
                The mission is a boss fight. 
                Dantes new style switching is a great addition. 
                I like the game, but it’s pretty flawed.