            <p>
                Man talk about a game with some pretty big flaws. 
                I like the idea of the combat, pseudo turn-based combat where each party member is assigned one button and they have a move set like in a fighting game, but there is no inbetween for difficulty. 
                At least I assume because it was pretty mindlessly easy the whole game. 
                There’s no point to trying to juggle enemies unless the enemy requires it, but that doesn’t happen often. 
                Mixing up combos doesn’t really work out and I’ll explain using Ajna (the main character) as an example. 
                Looking at Ajna’s two combos of holding up while attacking and not pushing anything while attacking, 
                holding up has her swing an axe and the rest is her shooting her bow and her normal combo is some punching that gets stronger as it goes on. 
                If you axe swing then go into her normal combo, it will start with her first punch which is the weakest so there really isn’t any reason to mix up your moves. 
                This makes some characters way worse than others, ex. Naga Rider who looks awesome but his normal combo starts with a ton of weak hits. 
                Your moves also aren’t contextual so if an enemy is flying you have to axe swing first before you pull out a bow. 
                I just now read you can blow up your arrows if you push down+attack after shooting arrows, which actually leads to my next point.
                
            </p>
            <p>
                The game doesn’t explain everything about the combat with the biggest thing I don’t really understand being the heart level ups. 
                I get you get stronger, but I have no idea how much stronger and is it directly related to Ajna's power or is it just a person's motivation? 
                I wish there was like a training room in Ajna’s head so I can see what new characters can do (if there is one oops, but I didn’t see any). 
                Also, I can’t tell how effective Dhar’s charge move is compared to just doing an attack but I think that’s just me.
            </p>
            <p>
                
                
                The story is kinda all over the place I guess. 
                The set up is generic, which doesn’t automatically make a story bad as long as you can make it engaging. 
                I don’t know, everything up until the desert went by really fast and I never had enough time to get invested in anything happening. 
                There’s barely any world building in the story or in NPC talk. 
                It was honestly really jarring going back into a RPG with NPCs who have absolutely nothing interesting to say after playing through the Trails/Kiseki games. 
                All of the interesting stuff is behind the party member quests, 
                which is weird because it takes a long time before you can do any of them and by the time I got to that point I just wanted to beat the game for the most part. 
                There’s about 6 party members who Ajna meets by the beginning of the desert and I only remember 2 of them actually having important things to say in the main story as a whole. 
            </p>
            <p>
                
                
                SPOILERS FOR THIS AND LAST OF US 2/UPDATE 
		<span class="spoiler">
		I thought the Dhar stuff at the end was done weirdly, but it wasn’t until after I played TLoU2 that I can see what could have happened. 
                Clearly it’s pretty impossible to forgive someone who killed someone you loved in front of your face, 
                but Dhar’s life afterwards gets turned upside down and he realizes how much of a piece of shit he’s been and knows he can never atone for any of it and I can tell Ajna sorta gets it. 
                She doesn’t need to forgive Dhar, but I kinda wish she had a conversation similar to Ellie and Joel about forgiveness or at least thought about it after Dhar died. 
                It doesn’t need to be something like she tries to forgive Dhar, but at least a conversation relating to how Dhar changed and how she feels now. 
                There's definitely some missed opportunity with Dhar considering how much dialogue he gets and how  he doesn’t really get brought up after he dies. 
                It felt like Ajna and Dhar were going to have a sibling relationship, but then the writer/s kept remembering Dhar killed her father and also a ton of people. 
                Basically, to me it kinda sucks how the most emotional moment in the main story is Ajna’s final conversation with Razmi even though their relationship didn’t really change through the whole story.
		</span>
            </p>
            <p>
                
                
                The platforming is pretty good (which is good because you have to retread a dungeon like three times), and the voice acting was pretty great. 
                There wasn’t a single voice I thought was middling or bad. The art is really good. I wish there was more move variation per character rather than having more character. 
                Maybe having less characters would make it easier to inject the remaining ones into regular dialogue rather than them talking during their mini arc and then never again. 
                If this game gets a sequel or if Lab Zero develops something similar, I’d buy it. I think they could improve a lot of this.
            
            </p>